docs(consumergroups): add paragraph about undefined behavior (#7339)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_includes/md/about-plugins.md

8. Plugins configured on a consumer.
9. Plugins configured on a consumer group.
10. Plugins configured on a route.
11. Plugins configured on a service.
12. Plugins configured globally.

> ## Precedence for Consumer Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Precedence for consumer groups
```
Let's nest it under "precedence" for better hierarchy.

> ## Precedence for Consumer Groups
> 
> When a consumer is a member of two Consumer Groups, each with a scoped plugin, Kong Gateway ensures deterministic behavior by executing only one of these plugins. However, the specific rules that govern this behavior are not defined and are subject to change in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Precedence for consumer groups

When a consumer is a member of two consumer groups, each with a scoped plugin, {{site.base_gateway}} ensures deterministic behavior by executing only one of these plugins. However, the specific rules that govern this behavior are not defined and are subject to change in future releases.
```

> When a consumer is a member of two Consumer Groups, each with a scoped plugin, Kong Gateway ensures deterministic behavior by executing only one of these plugins. However, the specific rules that govern this behavior are not defined and are subject to change in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a consumer is a member of two consumer groups, each with a scoped plugin, {{site.base_gateway}} ensures deterministic behavior by executing only one of these plugins. However, the specific rules that govern this behavior are not defined and are subject to change in future releases.
```
